sometimes you forget their people
working when the game ends sometimes
that's their most important moment of
the day when the game ends the sideline
reporters got to track down the star
player the coach and I was wondering
about that last night I said to Paulie I
don't know who the sideline reporter was
I assume it's Holly Rowe Brent Musburger
was calling it Fran Fraschilla was there
and I thought where is holly during this
mosh pit here the ESPN reporter Holly
Rowe who was there last night first of
all are you okay I'm fine it you know
it's so crazy but it's sort of fun that
probably is not the right thing to say
but it's kind of fun when those chaotic
spontaneous moments happen so no I'm
great thank you have you ever been
concerned for your well-being after game
ends and the fans stormed the court um I
really haven't I you know it's just
these spontaneous moments and you're
just kind of dealing with everything so
I've never felt like scared for my
safety now crazy things have happened
i'm glad that cell phone cameras weren't
around when i first started today i
wielded the mic and like squatted kids
away with the mice before luckily that
was never caught on camera but you know
it's every man woman for themselves out
there you're just fighting for your life
sometimes and fighting for your
interview and you know like you said
trying to do your job and very unusual
circumstances how physical was it last
night it was pretty physical the kids
were nice but I did just watch the
replay of what happened at the scorer's
table with Bill Self and that was scary
yeah that actually happened to me last
year as i went to the scorer's table
thinking well if i get in the handshake
line surely i will be safe there but
because the students are storming from
the opposite side of the court that's
where all the pressure and everything
ends up is right there at scorers table
so last year a very nice man kind of
gesture to me like hey I'll pull you out
and pulled me out of the scrum and as I
got up went to the table so did some of
the other players I was like oh well
here they are so we did our interview on
the table last year and that seems to be
able to take place to be um this year I
had a problem where my RS audio mic
equipment didn't get chips so I was on a
hard table and
that was really scary because you don't
have any freedom you're you know roaming
around on court and you know you've done
sideline and rs stuff before that's
really hard to be tethered to something
trying to navigate that crowd so we did
the best we could but I thought it was
scary for coach self it got a little
while down there should be allow fans
stormed the court yes I I love it
there's a part of me that loves the
spontaneous joy of eruption that happens
I think they can do it in a more
controlled way I've been at some courts
where they put up kind of a security
corridor so the coach and the team can
get off the floor safety thankfully
there's a way you can do it you know a
little more safely but I want the kids
to have fun it's exciting when people
rush the corridor rush to feel that it's
a beautiful moment I like it I just
worry about the other team and that and
that's where you know Bill Self took the
high road and said look we could have
stopped it by winning but you know that
what if a Kansas player does something
to this fan who gets in his face then
you get suspended that that's the next
step I remember I was working a game to
get Florida State when JJ Redick was
playing for Duke and trying to break the
scoring record for them and it looks
like fans were going to rush the court
and there was still I want to say maybe
even 20 seconds or something like that
left on the clock and Mike chefs he just
took his players and they walked off the
floor and just ended the game and and he
was smart you know I thought the bad
part of last night is Bill Self was
still trying to be a good sport and all
of it and go through the handshake line
in retrospect they could have just taken
their kids and walked straight off the
court of the tunnel you know that's not
what you want either that's not
sportsmanship but you know that probably
would've been the state for bed she's
Holly Rowe the ESPN reporter was that
the Kansas State kansas game joining a
Stan Patrick show and then you got March
Madness coming up with all these smaller
tournaments these smaller schools it's
their opportunity to get on TV so yeah I
I just hope that they look at this these
schools do or these conferences and say
yes come on the floor your chance to be
on TV let's just make sure we get that
opposing coach and his players off the
floor first and if you do that fine go
have fun yeah I agree there has to be a
plan in place that is better because
it's just going to take one kid punching
somebody for this whole thing to blow up
you know you know when Marcus smart
wouldn't
crowd last year we were just all so
appalled amazing this kind of stuff
doesn't happen more frequently but at
the same time it's the game at
basketball it's supposed to be fun I
don't want to be the fun police these
kids I'm such a great fine and last
night you know the chance of State kids
I had to ask a few hey wait wait wait
push back or doing the interview now you
know they were very nice and respectful
I didn't have to swing the mic and hit
anybody last night they were pretty nice
do you have to be anyway do you actually
grab the coach sometimes oh yeah it gets
physical I'd grab the coaches last week
we had a court storming at West Virginia
and Juwan staton hit the game-winning
play and I'm trying to find an interview
trying to find an interview and he runs
by me and I literally close light if I
grabbed the back of his jersey and
yanked him and he turned around like the
heck are you and many thought was me and
he started laughing so we had a really
good memorable interview last week
because we also had a court storming
last week that but I thought that one
was pretty good with Virginia was pretty
good well but you gotta understand
Kansas probably nerves are a little
afraid there they lose in dramatic
fashion to West Virginia fans stormed
the court they lose to Kansas State fans
stormed the court so bill self is
probably saying you know granted we're
bringing this on but then this is like
it's span of six or seven days we've had
to deal with this yeah I'm sure they're
super annoyed I'm sure their fans are
saying you know I was like you've been
there before but it is a super it's the
ultimate compliment to canvas that their
fans think it's such a big deal to beat
them you know it is a huge compliment I
know it's annoying for them and I've had
a lot of k's and tweeting me this
morning like can you believe that class
but you know whatever but it's it's a
compliment I think it's a big deal to be
canvas and they should can this is
amazing which coach is the toughest to
corral to get that post game interview
urban meyer because he's bigger and
stronger than me and he can get focused
and after the Sugar Bowl this year when
they beat Alabama you know he was
hugging his wife and his family and
you're like well I don't want to go in
there and break up the huddle with
children and the wife Shelley and so he
can be interesting because he did
something on his mind and he goes so
I've had to you know wrestle with urban
a little bit and in a good way you know
they're all such good sports about it so
we make it work but they know at the end
of the
if you win then they're going to stop is
that how it's uh yeah they know and
they've got they've got security guys
there sometimes the security guys are
the biggest challenge I had to interview
art briles after their big win over TCU
this year in football and his his
security guys like his strength training
staff and their gigantic human beings
and I was like climbing up the back of
one of the guys and he turned around was
gonna swap me away like a fly and I'm
like I have to get in there and you know
so it's sometimes it's the people
protecting the coach that you have the
hardest time with because they may not
understand it the coach typically knows
you're going to do an interview that's
kind of a set thing combat pay Holly
combat pay well I'm just excited to be
on your show I listen to it all the time
I'm a huge fan and if I knew that if I
just jumped on a table to get on yours
okay I would have done it years ago I
would have been a table work or many
years ago oh great to hear from you and
glad you're doing well keep fighting the
good fight thanks for having me hi to
the Dennis I just love you guys thank
you so much hi Holly Rowe ESPN reporter